Send submissions of datasets to
statlib-submit@lib.stat.cmu.edu.

If you have any doubts of the suitability or appropriate format for
the information, please contact me  at
vlachos@andrew.cmu.edu.

If you indend to submit anything I will need THREE pieces of information;

  (1) A short summary that gives information about the submission.
      This should be just a few (not more than two 80 char lines)
      lines which I will place in the index file.  It should concisely
      describe what your submission does or is.  See the current
      general index for the format and length of summaries.  Please
      make this the first item in your submission (so that it can be
      easily found). 

  (2) The information which you would like to share.  I will take
      whatever you send me and place it in a file.  This file will
      then be available to other people.  If your submission is just
      one file then this should be fine. If you want to submit multiple
      related files then please package them in a reasonable way.
      If you can, I suggest you create a SHAR file (a Unix shell
      archive) and include a README file that describes what the
      submission does and how to use it and a manual page.
      PLEASE INCLUDE YOUR NAME AND E-MAIL ADDRESS PROMINENTLY IN YOUR
      SUBMISSION AND INDICATE IF YOU ARE WILLING TO HELP PEOPLE WHO
      HAVE PROBLEMS. 

  (3) A statement (which should also be part of the submission) that
      explicity gives permission to redistribute the software or
      dataset.  You can retain the copyright just so long as you
      clearly state that the software or dataset can be freely used
      for non-commercial purposes and can be freely distributed.
      If you are not the original author of the submission please make sure
      you obtain the original author's permission before submitting
      the software or dataset.

If your submission does not conform to these minimal suggestions I
will be forced to ask you to resubmit.

I will not test any submitted software in any way, nor will I provide
editorial comments about the quality of the software.  I will merely
redistribute whatever is sent to me. 

StatLib submissions are still processed manually, approximately once a
month.

The Statlib Archivist.
